Meeting 1
Date:09/27/22
Time:08:00 pm to 9:00pm
Things discussed:
1)Banking system
2)Covid information android app
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 2
Date:09/28/2022
Time:5:00pm to 7:00pm
Things discussed: By Confirmation of Professor,started working on covid information related app features
and Decided on using technologies :
	1. IDE: Android studio
	2.Frontend language: XML
        3.Backend language: Java,Android
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu
  
Meeting 3  
Date:09/29/22
Time:09:00pm to 10:00pm
Things discussed: Discussion on adding more features to the project and also functionalities to the project, gathered the skillset.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 4 
Date:09/30/22
Time:05:00pm to 06:00pm
Things discussed: Discussed about all the risks and also risk management and worked on Gantt chart.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 5
Date:10/01/22
Time:09:00am to 1):00am
Things discussed: Worked on PPT and github repository.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 6
Date:10/02/22
Time:04:00pm to 06:00pm
Things discussed:

Created all the files in github and dsicussed about all the modules involved in the project Thoroughly.
Prepared the deliverable 1 document and note-deliverable 1


All team members participated in the call. We all connected through Zoom meetings/In-persons.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 7
Date:10/03/22
Time:6:00pm to 8:00pm
Things discussed:
Disccussed about the structure of the system and subsystem. We've started working on individual components of the system.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 8
Date:10/04/22
Time:8:00pm to 9:00pm
Things discussed:
worked on the modifications of the system diagram and its description. Pooled up ideas regarding functional requirements.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 9
Date:10/05/22
Time:5:00pm to 8:30pm
Things discussed:
Discussed about the non-functional requirements involved in our project. 
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu


Meeting 10
Date:10/06/22
Time:8:00am to 9:30am
Things discussed:
Discussed about the interfaces involved that is andriod studio,Java JDK. 
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 11
Date:10/07/22
Time:5:00pm to 9:30pm
Things discussed:
Discussed about the three development phases and the requirements in each of the phase. 
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 12
Date:10/08/22
Time:6:00pm to 7:00pm
Things discussed:
Finalized the requirements for each phase and prioritized them accordingly .
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 13
Date:10/09/22
Time:12:00pm to 3:00pm
Things discussed:
Started working the deliverable 2 document .
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 14
Date:10/10/22
Time:11:00am to 1:00pm
Things discussed:
Updated the meeting minutes, uploaded files to github made note-deliverable 2 .
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 15
Date:10/10/22
Time:10:00pm to 10:30pm
Things discussed:
Made the final moodifications to the deliverable 2 document and uploaded it.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Everyone has participated in the Zoom-meetings and showed actived participation throughout the process of making deliverable-2
Meeting 16
Date: 10/11/22
Time: 06.00 pm to 6.30pm
Things discussed:
discussed some changes based on the reviews and the suggestions given by peer teammates. Started working on deliverable- 3.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 17
Date: 10/12/22
Time: 4:00 pm to 6:30pm
Things discussed:
Discussed the requiremnets for login,register and dasboard page and finalized them.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 18
Date: 10/13/22
Time: 3:00 pm to 6:30pm
Things discussed:
pooled up ideas on the workflow of the set of gathered requirements.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 19
Date: 10/14/22
Time: 5:00 pm to 6:30pm
Things discussed:
We gathered all the ideas and suggestion on which the changes are going to be made in our project.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 20
Date: 10/15/22
Time: 4:00 pm to 5:30pm
Things discussed:
designed the class diagram for our project, discussed about the classes , their attributes and methods which are inlcuded in the diagram
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 21
Date: 10/16/22
Time: 5:00 pm to 6:30pm
Things discussed:
we have drawn the sequence diagram and use case diagram .
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 22
Date: 10/17/22
Time: 3:00 pm to 6:00pm
Things discussed:
Made few changes in UML diagrams and started creating the test cases.
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 23
Date: 10/18/22
Time: 7:00 pm to 12:30am
Things discussed:
started working on the code for the login page, encountered few errors in the beginging but fixed them later
Attendees:Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakuntla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata sai Reshma kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekhar Reddy Moddu

Meeting 24
Date : 10/19/22
Time : 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm
Things discussed :
Finalized about the login pages and changes in UML diagrams
Attendees : Vaishnavi Mandadi,Aishwarya Yadav Jala,Sahit Reddy Chinthakunla,Kiran Jyothi Bodduluri,Venkata Sai Reshma Kallepalli,Akshaya Sampelli,Rajashekar Reddy Moddu.

